feat: ssrBuild flag in config env (#8863)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

## Conditional Config

> If the config needs to conditional determine options based on the command (`dev`/`serve` or `build`), the [mode](/guide/env-and-mode) being used, or if it is a SSR build (`ssrBuild`), it can export a function instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the config needs to conditionally determine options based on the command (`dev`/`serve` or `build`), the [mode](/guide/env-and-mode) being used, or if it is an SSR build (`ssrBuild`), it can export a function instead:
```

Some grammar suggestions :)

})
```

> Only `ssrBuild` is included, as during dev, the config creates a single server shared between the SSR and non-SSR requests.
> 
> It is important to note that in Vite's API the `command` value is `serve` during dev (in the cli `vite`, `vite dev`, and `vite serve` are aliases), and `build` when building for production (`vite build`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is important to note that in Vite's API the `command` value is `serve` during dev (in the cli `vite`, `vite dev`, and `vite serve` are aliases), and `build` when building for production (`vite build`).

Only `ssrBuild` is included instead of a more general `ssr` flag because, during dev, the config is shared by the single server handling SSR and non-SSR requests.
```

})
```

> Only `ssrBuild` is included, as during dev, the config creates a single server shared between the SSR and non-SSR requests.

Reviewer: I think we should move this paragraph below the next one as it's more common for users to use the `command` variable than `ssrBuild`.
